Update docs to make note of go2rtc port requirement (#16013)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/reference.md

# Optional: Restream configuration
# Uses https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc (v1.9.2)
# NOTE: The default go2rtc API port (1984) must be used,

> #       changing this port for the integrated gois not supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#       changing this port for the integrated go is not supported. 
```
